feat: logical-assignment-operators to report expressions with 3 operands (#17600)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/logical-assignment-operators.md

#### always

This option checks for expressions that can be shortened using logical assignment operator. For example, `a = a || b` can be shortened to `a ||= b`.

> Also, expressions with associativity such as `a = a || b || c` are reported as being able to be shortened to `a ||= b || c`. However, it is allowed if the coder makes the evaluation order explicit, such as `a = (a || b) || c`.

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure about the last sentence. Maybe you mean this?
```suggestion
Expressions with associativity such as `a = a || b || c` are reported as being able to be shortened to `a ||= b || c` unless the evaluation order is explicitly defined using parentheses, such as `a = (a || b) || c`.
```
